The Joe Rogan experience. Last time you were here,
you would neither the interim nor the undisputed. Now you got it.
All of the double, interim champ. You got it. Why? Why say,
w you're saying that double, interim, interim.
I don't know.
Cause Whitaker's the champ. You knocked them out. You're the champ.
Because when I was there, you know, I, even my last fight,
I feel like it's my first title defense, to be honest.
Cause I was waiting for something to change.
I was waiting for that feeling that I had in Atlanta will never came.
And within three days I was like, I felt like I just defended the belt.
Cause technically I was the champion as well. I was the champion.
He had beat me here to go. One of those Ruby's you put on this.
So I'm looking for my Ruby as well. I get a Ruby. Yeah.
That's the thing you don't get. You know, I used to get a new belt. Yeah.
He don't get a new build anymore. So what they do is they, you send this off.
This isn't actually my one, my one I've sent it off. This isn't yours.
Yeah. But.
I sent you take this plaque off this plaque on the side and then you send it
off. Then they put a Ruby and send it back to you.
Then you put a Ruby in the plaque. Yeah.
So you collect like the infinity stones or whatever. And it's like.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah, dude. I used to not like this belt now. I like it better.
Yeah. It took me like maybe two days after everyone complained about it,
then I looked at it and I, when I first saw it, I think it was at the PI.
And I was like, you know what I with it.
I have for a while I was like, ah, the old one was better now. I'm like,
I don't think so anymore. I like this. [inaudible] yeah. It gets you every time.
This one's cleaner. Yeah. It's just like sharp.
More legible. The old one. It was cool. And I still liked it.
I could buy one on the website hopefully. Yeah.
But you just like nostalgic purposes and just cause you know, I've been a fan.
I should have got one of those. I came at the, the end of it.
Colby is still walking around with one.
Man. Don't get attached to these things, man.
I only T I flex with them for a little bit, you know? Cause it's I, even my, um,
my last, after, after Atlanta, my coach, he was kind of worried.
Cause I was going to Nigeria. I was going to all these shows.
I got to like show it off, flex it, but he's my coach. So Eugene's like, man,
you know, don't think you're the champion. But I'm like, yeah, I'm the champion.
But then there was a point when we moved gyms and I just kinda alright,
put in this box with everything else. And then he kind of posted about it.
Cause he saw like, okay, the switch has happened. Like is game time now?
So same thing I'm doing my tour right now. Victory tour, walk around,
do all this. But then even being at the fights last week and I got FOMO.
Cause I, you know, after the fights, I, you know, I see what's up.
People talking about me right around us. I'm like, man,
I gotta get back to the gym. So when I get back.
I look at this thing. That's interesting.
So you're aware that you could get too into the moment.
You can get too wrapped up in the fact that you won the title and maybe slack
off a little, but maybe take yourself too seriously.
A lot of people, this is their goal. They're like,
I want to become the UFC champion. They get it done.
And then what happens after the next fight? They lose it.
They lose track of what really matters. So some guys like Colby,
for example, he's walking around with the belt when Huseman whoops,
his or if it was man, which asked him, what's going to happen,
you're going to walk around with that bill. How are you going to feel? Well.
I, the Colby thing is interesting and I don't know how much Colby wants people
talking about this, but I'm going to, I'm going to spill it as much as I can.
That's an act, man.
That's a strong act that he put on when they were ready to cut him,
they were ready to cut. You talk to that guy in real life. He's yeah.
Just being around him, just being inside. He's a nicest guy. He's a nice guy.
And he's playing a pro wrestling heel and he's got the whole world worked up
sells. And here's the thing though. This is where it's interesting.
It tricks people because he seems like a goof.
He's wears this stupid cheap blue suit. He wears that Magda hat smile.
He's got the old belt and you know, it's not a legit belt. Right.
But he did win the interim title and they took it from him for no reason.
It doesn't make any sense. So this is thing about him where people,
somehow another thing like maybe he's illegitimate. Maybe he's not real.
Then he Robbie Lawler up and you go, oh Jesus,
this guy doesn't get tired. He could strike his wrestling's on point.
His cardio's off the chart. He's tough as nails.
Especially when he put Robbie against the fence, he was right there.
Slipping and ripping. Oh yeah. Some things, you know,
everyone has holes in the game. I have holes in my game,
but he was really impressive the way he was right there in his face. Yeah.
Robbie Lawler.
He's not an elite Stryker in the sense of like,
he's a guy who will slip and then blast someone unconscious with one shot.
He's a volume guy. He's throwing 60%, 50,
60% just on you on you on you never let you rest.
Never let you rest.
And Robbie in that fight in Brava is a all-time great welterweight champion.
I mean, he was a legit top of the food chain.
And he was looking for those openings that were never there.
He was always looking for Colby to slow down. Colby never slowed down.
You want to see him like just waiting, waiting.
And he was just like buying this time box. Get. Yep. Here it is. Here it is.
And there's ways to do that. Like I did it against them Whitaker as well.
You see? Excuse me. I always got a burp. Um,
it's times when he'll like,
I'll put a clip up of this as like a simple one shifting real simple,
subtle thing. Just move two step one, two. That's it.
I can see it when he would like bounce, bounce. All right, I'm ready to go.
You shift, you disrupt a pattern. Okay. Reset, reset. But about to attack,
you know, wonder boy did it to I'm Lou K past weekend.
Whenever he was bouncing he's either he's gonna bounce bounce and a wonder boy
shifts. So he was doing it with the offense, bounce, bounce, bounce attack.
So he was just, it's all about rhythm.
Well, you have something that Wonderboy has that a few other people have in,
in that you're a specialist and that being a specialist.
And obviously you have a full game. You,
there's no way you get to where you are without a full game,
but you are an elite Stryker. Thank you. And with that,
that's an,
that's a giant advantage because on the feet you are a step ahead of everybody.
Every fight star standing on the feet, you.
See it with Whitaker because Whitaker is a great striker. He's a tough guy,
but he had holes in his game and maybe he didn't even know he had. Yeah,
but you, you.
Could see what it was.
I got in his head and everyone like when I can see this kind of stuff, man,
before the press, before the fight at the press conference,
when he was talking and acting on bothered and stuff like that. And I was like,
what? He's acting out of character. People. He put this MIMO, right?
And then people thought I was affected by the mean. But all the,
all that showed me was like,
you've never talked or poked fun at anyone you're fighting with somehow suddenly
you're poking fun at me.
That's showing your first card is showing your firsthand.
And a lot of things he's did throughout the back backtracking and whatnot.
I was like, you're showing me your hand. You're acting out of character.
Even my coach said the same thing. And I said,
just do what got you to the dance.
Don't try and talk with a guy who knows how to talk.
I know he knows how to talk with his friends and like that. But not with me.
The internet kid is different. Don't make means against me. I'm a mean majesty.
But like, yeah. So, and then when he quit, when he came to the cage, you know,
so you saw me when I walked up, I stumped the yard, stomp the yard.
Now I enter the cage. And when he came in, I could, I could feel it.
He was like, that's go, you know, beating this justice thing he did.
And he took about a minute and a bit before he looked me in the eyes and I was,
I was looking at him the whole time. And he like a cat you corner,
even the chicken, get one of your chickens corner. It like a rooster.
It's dangerous. When you corner any kind of beast,
they'll attack you at any point. So I could see him pacing back and forth,
like a caged animal. And the whole time, like he was a hunter,
he was the hunted. And I was the PR I was, I was a hunter.
So I was watching him and I could feel it like, you know, really about this.
And he's trying to hide himself blessed. And I could just smell that.
And when I went to my stance, I started whoop whoop.
Like this is something I was doing during sparring, like during my,
my training camp. So it was just triggering this, this memory,
like muscle memory in my head. And I was just having fun.
This is the point I looked at him. I kind of smiled like, you, I got this.
And I just knew from that point, then I was honest.
And the first round I thought I lost the first round without the knockdown.
Just like I let him have it. But then I watched the back,
I threw less strikes. I landed more, he threw more strikes and then it lists,
all I was doing was just me. And you didn't talk about this.
Like let the first round or the first half of the fight, let's see what he does.
Just get all his attacks. Draw, make him, show his hand, make him draw, draw,
draw the tax out of him. And I did that and after I watched it again,
I was like, yeah, without the knock, then I still had the round.
Yeah. It was a brilliant performance.
And the knocked down at the end of the first round was essentially the end of
the fight. He was up. It was, there was a bad knockdown.
You could see when you went back to his corner, there's,
there's a moment where you see his eyes are just not quite there.
Um, like after the,
even before the second round he stood up and when Kelvin rocked me,
after I got rocked, my first time being rocked in the UFC,
in the second round before the second one, I was like, all right, let's,
let's go, let's step it up. He was looking at the screen.
Robert was looking at the screen like, well, hit me will hit me. And I was like,
Hey, Hey, that's in the past.
That's done focused on me right now. Anyway. I was like, all right,
then let's go. Yeah. Yeah.
Um, when it was over, when they stopped the fight, raise your hand.
What's that feeling like knowing that you're the undisputed champ.
It felt like just my title defense, honestly, Atlanta,
Atlanta was the one where they put my hand up and I felt like, yes.
Why, why Atlanta? Why? Because of the fight so hard.
I think because of the way the fight went, the back and forth. And then me that,
that fifth round, like I found out who I was after that, that fifth round,
I found out the depths I'm willing to go.
So when they put my hand up and you know,
you're beat up and all that kind of stuff just, and also,
I never had a belt before,
so I've never had it wrapped around my waist as I visualize it.
So once that happened, boom, I felt like, yes. And also I was looking at,
I was like, please judges don't screw me over. No, for me over on this man.
And I knew I had it, but you know, you never know exactly, bro.
Look at the Darren till guests in flight. So when they put my hand up,
I was like, yes. But then this time they put my hand up, I was like, all right,
what's the thing is I, my, my brain wants to move forward.
Cause I did it in kickboxing. Cause I was undefeated for so long.
So it was always like, all right, cool. What's next? I'll watch the fight.
Maybe once study it. All right, what's next. But now I have to like chill,
relax, look at the tape, look at what you've done. And then soak it in,
smell the roses for a little bit and then move on.
Because once I had my first loss, I took winning for granted.
Cause it was just a habit. I was always winning, always winning, always winning.
So now I have to like, when you, when, when you do something amazing,
like I did in Atlanta, like I did in Melbourne is chill,
smell the roses and then move forward.